<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="design">
    <title>Design (Carliner's Tripartite Model)</title>
    <shortdesc>There are three primary aspects and types of design, each of which function
        differently, and are applicable situationally. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>These aspects form from Carliner's tripartite model of communication design and are
            as follows:<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Physical Design</b>: concerned with access, viewability, and timing.</cmd>
                <info> PD is about moving the reader/user’s eyes to relevant content. For this
                    reason, issues such as access (for example, headings), viewability (for example,
                    video resolution, audio quality), and timing (for example, speed of the video,
                    pace of the narration) are influential</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Cognitive Design</b>: concerned with accuracy, completeness, and
                    pertinence.</cmd>
                <info>The cognitive design concerns include accuracy (that is, whether the video
                    contained any errors of fact or execution), completeness (that is, whether the
                    video appears to cover all expected topics), and pertinence (that is, whether
                    the video is edited to include only relevant information). </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Affective Design</b>: concerned with confidence, selfefficacy, and
                    engagement.</cmd>
                <info>Affective design touches on issues of comfort, engagement, encouragement, and
                    motivation. Qualities that matter are: confidence (for example, whether the
                    narrator inspires confidence in the outcome of the lesson), self-efficacy (that
                    is, whether the narrator or content encourages users to believe in their ability
                    to succeed), and engagement (that is, whether an attempt is made to capture and
                    hold attention).</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
